>> Jen Kramer: I will say that Google
does not go down very often at all.
And they are pretty good about
having redundant systems.
And so generally speaking,
these web fonts aren't a problem.
They're used all over all kinds of
different websites with lots of traffic
and generally this works just fine.
Let me give you the one
other caution here.
The one other caution is this.
Take a look up here in
the upper right corner of this
window here in Google fonts,
see where it says load time is fast.
Okay.
Some of you are going to go
bananas with these fonts, right?
We're gonna say, ooh,
I want this one and I want this one and
I want this one up here.
First of all, graphic design speaking,
it's kind of a fashion no.
All right, not too many colors,
not too many fonts, generally speaking.
Generally speaking,
two fonts are really,really good.
Three start to get a little busy.
Four or five, it's kind of a disaster.
For those of you who are old enough to
remember when Microsoft Word came out and
that we could use any font we wanted,
and so we did.
Yeah, it was kind of a disaster that way.
So you can add all these fonts here,
but notice what's gonna happen.
The load time for your web page
is gonna continue to go down.
We're now down to quote, moderate, and
this is measuring a load time just for
our fonts.
Okay?
Remember also for your web page and
how it loads, we have an HTML page,
we have a CSS file, we have some
number of images associated with that.
You'll eventually have some JavaScript.
Now we have some fonts too.
This is how web pages grow in file size,
and they become, take a longer and
longer time to download.
I'm sure you've been on a website where
you just sat there and waited, and
waited, and waited for
a great big huge webpage to download.
This is also how webpages eat data
plans on your mobile devices.
So be nice to your visitors.
Don't go too bananas on the fonts.